[ Disco music plays ]
-Ahh, whoo
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
-This bus pulls up
and the doors open
and it's like the greatest
disco party ever.
-I was enveloped in
like a whirlpool of dance.
It was awesome.
It's always nice
to just celebrate
the little things
and like, the fact
that you're alive, you know?
That's something
to celebrate, you know?
-I think everyone needs to take
a couple of minutes
out of their day
and just celebrate something.
I wish stuff like that would
happen every day to me.
That would be awesome.
-A bus full of partygoers
and happy people spreading
happiness and laughter.
And I really loved it.
We should do this every day.